Tweaks to "About the Automation Service" (#2586)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cse/automation-service/about-automation-service.md

* `GET /automations/{id}`. Get a specific automation
* `PUT /automations/{id}`. Update a specific automation

> The Sumo Logic Terraform provider also supports automations, but does not support the ability to create or modify integrations, playbooks, nor actions. For more information about Terraform, see the [Sumo Logic Terraform documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/SumoLogic/sumologic/latest/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sumo Logic Terraform provider also supports automation, but does not support the ability to create or modify integrations, playbooks, or actions. For more information about Terraform, see the [Sumo Logic Terraform](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/SumoLogic/sumologic/latest/docs) documentation.
```

Reviewer: Just a quick fix.
